Add note about new way of signing and verifing a JWT tokens (#356)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/running-saleor/configuration.mdx

The time until email change request tokens expire. The value should be a time expressions like `5m`, `5 minutes`, `5d`, `5 days`, `1w`, `1 week`. Defaults to `1 hour`.

### `RSA_PRIVATE_KEY`

The RSA private key in PEM format is used for signing Saleor's JWT tokens. In the DEBUG mode, this is not necessary as Saleor will generate a temporary private key. It is required in production environments. 

### `RSA_PRIVATE_PASSWORD`

> The password required for loading `RSA_PRIVATE_KEY`. Default set to `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The password is required for loading `RSA_PRIVATE_KEY`. Default set to `None`.
```

The time until email change request tokens expire. The value should be a time expressions like `5m`, `5 minutes`, `5d`, `5 days`, `1w`, `1 week`. Defaults to `1 hour`.

### `RSA_PRIVATE_KEY`

> The RSA private key in PEM format that is required for signing Saleor's JWT tokens. For local development, when `DEBUG==True` this is not required as Saleor will 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The RSA private key in PEM format is used for signing Saleor's JWT tokens. In the DEBUG mode, this is not necessary as Saleor will generate a temporary private key. It is required in production environments. 
```
WDYT?
